## QUESTION 1 OF 10 : Is better to write code that does not need comments.
 - choose true or false

## QUESTION 2 OF 10 : We write comments when we fail to communicate using only our code.
 - choose true or false 

## QUESTION 3 OF 10 : We should try to minimize comments as much as possible by writing better code.
 - choose true or false 

## QUESTION 4 OF 10 : The best place to find information about the code is should be the code itself rather than comments.
 - choose true or false   

## QUESTION 5 OF 10 : Where should we declare our variables in a function?

1. Only just before we use them.
2. At the top of the function.

## QUESTION 6 OF 10 : If one function calls another, they should be vertically close.
 - choose true or false   

## QUESTION 7 OF 10 : A function that is called should be below a function that does the calling.
 - choose true or false   

## QUESTION 8 OF 10 : What does DTO mean?
1. Data Transformation Object 
2. Data Transfer Object


## QUESTION 9 OF 10 : When do we use DTOs?
1. When working with DBs or parsing WebSocket messages.
2. ???(I can't remeber it)


## QUESTION 10 OF 10 : Objects expose functions to operate in their data.
 - choose true or false   


---
# RESULT
## Your score is: 7/10
1. true (correct)
2. true (correct)
3. true (incorrect)
4. true (correct)
5. 2.At the top of the function. (incorrect)
6. true (correct)
7. true (correct)
8. 2.Data Transfer Object (correct)
9.  1.When working with DBs or parsing WebSocket messages.(correct)
10. true (incorrect)